add data types to book documentation (#6153)
brimdata/super: book/src/super-sql/types/named.md

Named types may be defined in four ways:
* with a [`type`](../statements.md#type-statements) statement,
* with a [cast](../expressions.md#casts),
* with a definition inside of another type, or
* by the input data itself.

For example, this expression
```
80::(port=uint16)
```
casts the integer 80 to a named type called `port` whose type is `uint16`.

Alternatively, named types can be declared with a type statement, e.g.,
```
type port = int16
values 80::port
```
produces the value `80::(port=uint16)` as above.

Type name definitions can be embedded in another type, e.g.,
```
type socket = {addr:ip,port:(port=uint16)}
```
defines a named type `socket` that is a record with field `addr` of type `ip`
and field `port` of type `port`, where type `port` is a named type for type `uint16` .

Named types may also be defined by the input data itself, as super-structured data is
comprehensively self describing.
When named types are defined in the input data, there is no need to declare their
type in a query.
In this case, a SuperSQL expression may refer to the type by the name that simply
appears to the runtime as a side effect of operating upon the data.

> When the same name is bound to different types, a reference to that name is
> undefined except for the uses a definitions within a single heirarchical value,
> in which case, the most recent binding in depth-first order is used to resolve
> a reference to a type name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the same name is bound to different types, a reference to that name is
undefined except for the definitions within a single hierarchical value,
in which case, the most recent binding in depth-first order is used to resolve
a reference to a type name.
```

I'm not 100% sure this is what you had in mind, but some fix was needed here beyond just the spelling of "hierarchical".
